Financial Covenants .  Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company to be less than 2.25 to 1.00. Consolidated Leverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio at any time during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company to be greater than 3.75 to 1.00;  provided  that if at any time during any fiscal quarter the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is greater than 3.75 to 1.00 and a Permitted Acquisition involving aggregate cash consideration (including assumed Indebtedness) of an amount equal to $100,000,000 or more has been consummated within such fiscal quarter (a fiscal quarter in which such conditions are satisfied, a " Trigger Quarter "), then the Consolidated Leverage Ratio may be greater than 3.75 to 1.00 but shall not exceed 4.25 to 1.00 at any time during such Trigger Quarter and the next succeeding three fiscal quarters (such period, an " Acquisition Compliance Period ");  provided ,  further , that, following the occurrence of a Trigger Quarter, no subsequent Trigger Quarter may occur (and no further Acquisition Compliance Period may commence) until the Consolidated Leverage Ratio has been less than or equal to 3.75 to 1.00 at all times during a fiscal quarter following the occurrence of the Trigger Quarter that began the most recent Acquisition Compliance Period. Amendments of Organization Documents . Amend any of its Organization Documents, except as permitted by  Sections 6.05  and  7.04 . Accounting Changes . Make any change in (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP and except that, upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and its Subsidiaries may change to IFRS, or (b) fiscal year. [Reserved]. Amendment, Etc. of Certain Indebtedness . Amend, modify or change in any manner any term or condition of any Indebtedness set forth in  Schedule 7.03 , except for any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof permitted by  Section 7.03(b) . Holding Company . In the case of the Company, engage in any business or activity other than (a) the ownership of all outstanding Equity Interests in its Subsidiaries, (b) maintaining its corporate existence, (c) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative activities as the parent of the consolidated group of companies, including the Loan Parties, (d) extend unsecured intercompany Indebtedness permitted by  Section 7.03(c) , (e) the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder, and (e) activities incidental to the businesses or activities described in clauses (a) through (e) of this Section.  Sanctions . Permit any Loan or Letter of Credit or the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit, directly or indirectly, (a) to be lent, contributed or otherwise made available to fund any activity or business in any De