or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. Financial Covenants .  Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company to be less than 2.25 to 1.00. Consolidated Leverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio at any time during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company to be greater than 3.75 to 1.00;  provided  that if at any time during any fiscal quarter the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is greater than 3.75 to 1.00 and a Permitted Acquisition involving aggregate cash consideration (including assumed Indebtedness) of an amount equal to $100,000,000 or more has been consummated within such fiscal quarter (a fiscal quarter in which such conditions are satisfied, a " Trigger Quarter "), then the Consolidated Leverage Ratio may be greater than 3.75 to 1.00 but shall not exceed 4.25 to 1.00 at any time during such Trigger Quarter and the next succeeding three fiscal quarters (such period, an " Acquisition Compliance Period ");  provided ,  further , that, following the occurrence of a Trigger Quarter, no subsequent Trigger Quarter may occur (and no further Acquisition Compliance Period may commence) until the Consolidated Leverage Ratio has been less than or equal to 3.75 to 1.00 at all times during a fiscal quarter following the occurrence of the Trigger Quarter that began the most recent Acquisition Compliance Period. Amendments of Organization Documents . Amend any of its Organization Documents, except as permitted by  Sections 6.05  and  7.04 . Accounting Changes . Make any change in (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP and except that, upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and its Subsidiaries may change to IFRS, or (b) fiscal year. [Reserved]. Amendment, Etc. of Certain Indebtedness . Amend, modify or change in any manner any term or condition of any Indebtedness set forth in  Schedule 7.03 , except for any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof permitted by  Section 7.03(b) . Holding Company . In the case of the Company, engage in any business or activity other than (a) the ownership of all outstanding Equity Interests in its Subsidiaries, (b) maintaining its corporate existence, (c) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative activities as the parent of the consolidated group of companies, including the Loan Parties, (d) extend unsecured intercompany Indebtedness permitted by  Section 7.03(c) , (e) the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder, and (e) activities incidental to the businesses or activities described in clauses (a) through (e) of this Section.  Sanctions . Permit any Loan or Letter of Credit or the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit, directly or indirectly, (a) to be lent, contributed or otherwise made available to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction, except as permitted by the Applicable Laws of the United States under an OFAC license with respect to the provision of food; (b) to fund any activity or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions, except as permitted by the Applicable Laws of the United States under an OFAC license with respect to the provision of food; or (c) to be used in any other manner that will result in any violation by any Person (including any Lender, the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender) of any Sanctions. 91 Anti-Corruption Laws . Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose that would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES  Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: Non-Payment . Any Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within five days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or Specific Covenants . The Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of  Section 6.01 ,  6.02 ,  6.03 ,  6.05 ,  6.10 ,  6.11 ,  6.12 ,  6.19 ,  6.20 ,  6.21  or  Article VII ; or  Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days; or Re